sqlite: expose prepared statement statistics (#64541)
nodejs/node: doc/api/sqlite.md

the values in `namedParameters` and `anonymousParameters`. See
[Binding parameters][].

### `statement.resetStats()`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Resets every counter reported by [`statement.stat()`][] back to zero. This

> method is a wrapper around [`sqlite3_stmt_status()`][] and is useful for

Reviewer: `SQLITE_STMTSTATUS_MEMUSED` is not a counter, and SQLite ignores `resetFlg` for it. I verified that it remains `3856` before and after `resetStats()`, so this contract cannot hold.

```suggestion
Resets every counter reported by [`statement.stat()`][] back to zero, except
`memused`, which reports current memory usage and cannot be reset. This
```

Finalizes the prepared statement. If the prepared statement is already
finalized, then this is a no-op.

### `statement.stat(counter)`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `counter` {string} The name of the counter to read. One of:

  * `'fullscanStep'` The number of times SQLite has stepped forward in a table
    as part of a full table scan.
  * `'sort'` The number of sort operations that have occurred.
  * `'autoindex'` The number of rows inserted into transient indices that were
    created automatically to help joins run faster.
  * `'vmStep'` The number of virtual machine operations executed by the
    prepared statement.
  * `'reprepare'` The number of times the statement has been automatically
    reprepared due to schema changes or changes to bound parameters.

>   * `'run'` The number of times the statement has run to completion.

Reviewer: `SQLITE_STMTSTATUS_RUN` increments on the first `sqlite3_step()`, not when execution completes; a partially consumed iterator increments it too.

```suggestion
  * `'run'` The number of execution cycles started by the prepared statement.
```
